Add contribution guidelines. (#516)
trustlines-protocol/relay: CONTRIBUTING.md

# Contributing

Welcome and thanks that you want to contribute to the Trustlines Project.
We appreciate all help, depending on your knowledge, this can be
spreading the word, helping with documentation, reporting issues or even contributing to the source code.

Feel free to checkout the code, play around with it and run the tests.
Before making a change, please first discuss the change via [opening an issue](issues/new) on this
repository. If you just need some small question answered, you can also reach out to
us via our [gitter chat](https://gitter.im/trustlines/community).

## Open an issue
To request a feature or report a bug, please open an issue on the issue tracker in github.

### Report a bug

Please include a short description of the problem, including what you expected to happen and what did happen instead.
Please also include the version of the relay you were using, your operating system and the used configuration.

### Request a feature
Please include a description of what you would like to see implemented and an explanation of why you believe this would
 be a good addition.

## Open a pull request

### Before starting

> - Ensure that you can run the tests and that they pass. The tests can be run with from the root with

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Ensure that you can run the tests and that they pass. The tests can be run from the root with
```

`./pytest tests`
- Ensure that you can run the end2end tests. You can find them in the
[end2end repo](https://github.com/trustlines-protocol/end2end):
  First build the docker image locally from the root of this repo with
  `docker build -t <tag-name> .`
  Then follow the instructions of the end2end repository to run the tests with that image.

### To include

- For a bug fix:

>   - Add a test that shows that the bug was fixed, and make sure that the test fails

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Add a test that makes the bug explicit, and make sure that the test fails
```

  - Fix the bug, so that the test passes
  - For bugs, you should consider adding an end2end test
- For a new feature:
  - Add a test, that demonstrate the new feature. Consider also adding an end2end test to the

>     [end2end repo](https://github.com/trustlines-protocol/end2end) if necessary.

Reviewer: Isn't it confusing that we ask them to add tests to the e2e repo while they live in the clientlib?

Author: ah, mmh yes, well I guess they should actually live there :D 
I'll change it.

  - Add or update related documentation if necessary.
- Add an entry to the unreleased section of the [changelog](CHANGELOG.rst).
- Format your code changes with black. If you setup pre-commit, this will happen automatically on commit
  `black setup.py tests src`

> - Check your code with `flake8` and `mypy`. If you setup pre-commit, this will happen automatically on commit.

Reviewer: Maybe explain how to set up pre-commit

Author: I pointed out to follow the readme, there it is documented.
